If you're struggling with your ads,
don't worry. I got you. Meet Claudy Ads,
a comprehensive paid advertising audit
optimization skill for cloud code. It
covers Google Ads, Meta, YouTube,
LinkedIn, Tik Tok, and Microsoft ads
with over 190 audit checks, industry
specific templates, and also parallel
sub agent delegation. Quite easy to
install. You can just copy this. You can
open your terminal. You can just paste
it here. Boom. And done. Let me show you
how it works. Start. It's very easy
guys. Check it out. After you install
the skill and you need to launch cloud
code in any of your IDE that being
cursor, anti-gravity, warp or even your
terminal as you see right here. Yeah,
I'm going to just put here forward slash
ads for example. My goodness ads right
here. And I'm going to choose let's say
ads plan for the sake of this demo. So
right now what will happen? I'm going to
plan an ad for let's say for my SAS uh
for ranking standard pro because it's
brand new. It's there and I would like
to promote it. I want to build that
brand awareness. So here I'm going to
just even zoom in so you'll be able to
see like it's asking what type of
business are you you're are you planning
ads for SAS e-commerce local B2B. I
would choose because it's a SAS
Frankenstein is a SAS. What is your
primary advertising goal here? I would
choose brand awareness because it's it's
it's just brand new. Yeah, it's asking
also what is your advertising budget
range under 5K over 20 or 100? We're
going to just choose other. I'm going to
put here 1,00 100 $1,000 for example per
month here. Are you currently running
any paid ads? No. Starting fresh. Submit
answer. And that's it. Right now, oh my
goodness. Right now the the agent is uh
is running. I just I just pressed the
wrong button, guys. So right now the
agent is running and straight away it's
asking, hey, can I read these? Yes. Yes.
Yes. We're just going to put even this.
I'm going to change to bypass permission
right here. So don't need to always
press on accept. So he's reading these
files basically the skills. How can I
just show right here? So he's reading
the SAS MD file, the budget allocation
and also conversion tracking. Yeah, cuz
before he asked us some questions, we
answer. We just press yes, no, yes, no,
maybe, perhaps. And then afterwards, he
checked his skills. He's like, uh-huh.
Okay, so it's a SAS. He has a budget
over one one around $1,000, give or
take, and other questions. Right now,
straight away, he's asking another list
of questions right now. Yeah. So, is
your SAS product at B2B selling uh to
businesses or B2C selling to consumers?
So we're going to put here both PLG. No,
hey, can you produce short video
content? So hey, can you or you cannot I
mean anyone can build can create short
videos but uh some of them maybe cannot.
Maybe they're too shy to speak back
right now. Yeah. So let's say here I'm
going to choose yes in house I can
create videos for internal sources. Next
is choosing what does your SAS product
do and who is the ideal customer. So
here I'm going to just put here uh check
rankenstein.pro
website. Yeah because this is the
website of rankenstein.pro. I mean it's
more than enough in this case scenario
if let's say if you're a plumber or if
you have plumber or some local other
local service or maybe an e-commerce
site you can just put your website link
and as you can see right now here you
can see that hey it's web patching right
now running pro which is the website
itself then he's thinking so here you
can see like hey now I have all the data
now I have all the data I need let me
craft a realistic honest strategy for
SAS company with $1,000 per month budget
focused on brand awareness starting
fresh yeah based on the questions that
we answered before and here is key
consideration s 1,000 per month brand
awareness starting fresh need to be very
focused one platform max maybe maybe two
of them right now yeah so with 1k per
month for sales brand awareness so
LinkedIn is too expensive Google search
is conversion focused meta Facebook
Instagram is the best for awareness and
low budgets and YouTube could work for
awareness but needs video content Tik
Tok will work if they have video content
capability right now yeah this is also
based on his internal knowledge and now
he's starting crafting the ads for us so
look at that So even he's thinking I'm
going to even again zoom in so we be
able to see. So now I have a clear
picture ranking pro a SEO content
engine. So if I'm going to go right now
to rankstein pro just going show you
around. So I'm going to go here ranking
pro. This is one of the ses we're
currently building me and Benjamin. Um
it's basically it's a blog creator right
now. Yeah. So he scripted the site. So
he enter on this website. He checked the
homepage. He already got exactly what
this business is about and then he
started crafting the the ads plan for
us. I'm going to zoom in back so I'll be
able to see exactly his thinking because
it's very important guys. Uh maybe if
you're used let's say to these workflows
perhaps. Yes. Nan is also amazing. I
will not deny it. But here I mean if you
want to go to the new age cuz I would
say these agentic workflows they're
fantastic if you know exactly how to set
them up. Yeah. So he created a plan for
us. So he's like hey update to create an
ad strategy uh campaign architecture
create a budget plan and then a creative
brief right here. So maybe let's say you
don't want to go for LinkedIn. Maybe you
want to go for let's say YouTube only
YouTube. You can definitely just say to
a message, hey listen, I want to go only
for YouTube. I'm damn all in on YouTube
for example. Right now you or maybe if
you want to go only for Google ads it's
just a matter of sentence if it's just a
matter of thoughts a pro a prompt
really. So just put a prompt anything
you want you can do that. Also if you
want to have a PDF you can do PDF. If
you want to connect it through an MCP
server strapped away to Google Analytics
you can also do that. So you can easily
just build on top of this uh cloudy ads
skill with ease. So anything you want
can be done only if you request it
properly. So for that it's required a
little bit of content engineering but I
think anyone can do that because I think
you're texting every day right on
WhatsApp or messengers or Instagram. So
definitely you can do that. You just
give it some time. you just uh check
here and there and it going to give for
you the perfect perfect plan and so you
can create the best performing ads right
so I'm going to just stop right now I'm
going to fast forward so we're going to
see the results okay guys so currently
he has finished and let's see exactly
what he crafted right here I'm going to
even zoom in right now and here we have
a strategy overview here is platform
meta only Facebook and Instagram the
right call at $1,000 per month so he
thought about our let's say budget In
this case scenario was 1,000 cuz if I
would have provided let's say maybe
2,000 3,000 or 4,000 of course he would
recommend maybe Google ads or any other
ads and Google search 1.5k if you want
to go but are too expensive for this
budget. So expected results at 1K per
month is 70 80,000 impressions per
month. 11K video views okay per per
month uh 200 400 website visits per
month and also cost per 1k reaches
around $25 to $33 which is quite well
you know so deliverable created but here
we have the ad strategy it's a full
strategic plan so competitive landscape
platform rational. So if I'm going to
open this right now here you can see
it's a markdown file by the way because
Claudia he likes markdown. He's digging
markdown like crazy. Even his skills are
in markdown. But let's say maybe for you
cuz maybe you're a nontechnical person.
You don't like markdown. Guys, don't
worry. You just close this. You go here
and say, "Hey, I want to have a PDF well
set and designed with graphs for example
right now." Yeah. And that's it. Right
now, we can just wait for it to craft a
PDF. So, it's going to be easier for us
to read it. And if you want to have
anything else except the images and
videos because cloud cannot generate
those images yet. or if you want to
maybe connect an MCP server to it or
maybe some API keys to generate those
videos even you can do that here. The
only limit is your imagination. So let's
wait for a bit. If you want to convert
now everything into a well set uh PDF
and I'm going to show you in a bit. Okay
guys, so the agent just now finished and
let me show you exactly what I popped.
But before that, let's see through his
thinking for you to understand exactly
how he generated the PDF. I'm going to
try to zoom in. So let me show you just
around. So here he's like hey I'll
create a professional design HTML report
charts and convert it to PDF right here.
So he's going he's doing his thinking
he's analyzing and then he's creating
the Python script by the way uh for the
PDF uh generation and then he's
generating the PDF report with charts.
Going more down he has created the PDF
and then he's generating the PDF with
charts and then he's reading each and
every part of PDFs right here. If you
want to open even he created here the
the charts etc. So he's like, "Oh
wait a moment. Uh there are a few stuff
which are not proper, not well arranged.
Let me fix that." And then he checked
those and he fixed those by himself. I
was not here at all. So this whole
process took like around how long? Maybe
3 minutes I would say for him to
generate this full PDF. So let me try to
open it right here. Where was it? Right
here. This is exactly what sort report
he has created even in the style of
Frankenstein. So let's see around. So
paid advertising strategy. Super ranking
standard pro AI SEO content engine
strategic plan right monthly budget
platform meta goal awareness timeline 12
weeks cool cool nice prepare for Daniel
and Benjamin here we go right now so
here we have the executive summary for
the rockenstein bud budget reality right
now he's also competitive landscape he
checked for competitors guys how cool is
that so he's not just fluffing here not
just oh my goodness he researched online
the internet he checked for competitors
And beautiful you got we got also
information about the competitors also
right here and going more down messaging
wedge. So the only AI content engine
that starts with SER research, not the
blank prompt because that's correct. And
we have the overall ads plan right now
even with charts even in our own style
if really okay launch now lowest CPM is
in January January March. So let's say
it want to start right now. Um do wow
wow I mean beautiful beautiful report
beautiful charts if really I mean this
is mostly like what a what an ad agency
is doing and afterwards I can just build
on top of that we have a full plan of
action in regards to advertisement is
giving us metrics is giving us what to
do I'm like and of course if you want
something else maybe you want to go for
meta you can just easily say hey listen
I don't want to go for meta but I want
to go for Google ads with YouTube I'm
going to make a lot of shorts and I want
to do it for 2 weeks. Let's plan that.
Of course, you can do that one also. As
I mentioned before, your only limit is
your imagination. So, with that, let's
say if you have maybe some existing ads,
maybe I'll even I'll try the way even to
launch this on the current ads video.
So, I'm going to use cloudy ads to run
ads on this video. So, if you've seen
this video through an ad, I mean, you
can see exactly it targeted you in a
way. But, uh just saying you like, hey,
everything is possible. It's not like,
oh my goodness, it's put in stone. I
will do only these. Uh if you want to
have anything else, maybe you want to
have some feedback on the ads that
you're currently creating or the you the
videos on Tik Tok or whatever you're
doing, even pictures. And if you want to
have maybe some text, some titles, some
descriptions, some research in regards
to those ads, Cloudy Ads can do that for
you. So even now, I say like, hey, I
want to go for YouTube. How should we
speed the $1,000 between Google search
and YouTube? Right now, yeah, let's go
for 6040 recommended as per cloudy code.
He has that knowledge because his whole
base knowledge I'm going to show right
here. It's based on the search. Here we
have four documents. Again, I'm going to
zoom in. So, four documents right here
that uh this whole agent skill was
created from. It's over 2,500 websites
by the way, give or take, in regards to
the best ads practices. And again, of
course, it's in markdown because Cloudy
likes markdown. And guys, this is just
one example how I'm planning ads with
cloud ads. But of course, you can do a
lot more. I will even try to zoom in
this part right here. You can also read
the git. So you can go once again to the
git, try to install these ads if you
want to run any sort of ads. You don't
need to have a budget for,000 just for
information. You can do even for $50 or
$100 if you want to bring some more
clients. But I know for sure that this
scale will definitely help you in the
long run. So I'm going to make myself a
little bit bigger right here. Almost
almost almost almost maybe here like
this and like this guys once again this
is cloudy ads as you see right here it's
the ultimate ads agency skill you can
say for cloudy code uh you can just
download it is there for free for you
guys so uh you can run it you can test
it you can make it even better try to
fork it try to maybe make some
improvements maybe not only Python maybe
you can add also here some MCP servers
but it's there and I hope you're going
to like it drop a like drop a comment
and see you next time.